In the previous lessons in this course,
we have covered the basics behind Google Analytics.
We looked at how you evaluate,
how much traffic comes to your site,
and who the people are that are visiting.
We then learn to evaluate where the visitors came from,
which marketing channels brought them to your site.
Now, we're going to take a look at what visitors
are doing on your site once they land at there.
You can use Google Analytics to find out,
and we will show you how in this lesson.
Here's what you'll learn.
You will go over the commonly used definitions,
then we'll learn how to find your most popular and most engaging content.
We will take a close look at landing pages,
and we will also combine what we learned about
acquisition channels with what we see in user behavior.